Week of Sep29 (#411)
xregistry/spec: core/spec.md

of the 3 Version-level `<RESOURCE>*` attributes MUST follow these rules:
  - At most, only one of the 3 attributes MAY be present in the request, and
    the presence of any one of them MUST delete the other 2 attributes.
  - If the entity already exists and its `<RESOURCE>url` has no value,
    then absence of all 3 attributes MUST leave all 3 unchanged.
  - An explicit value of `null` for any of the 3 attributes MUST result in
    same net effect as defining the entity's domain-specific document to be
    an empty document.
  - When `<RESOURCE>` is present, the server MAY choose to modify non-semantic
    significant characters. For example, to remove (or add) whitespace. In
    other words, there is no requirement for the server to persist the
    document in the exact byte-for-byte format in which it was provided. If

>     that is desired then clients MUST `<RESOURCE>base64` MUST be used instead.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    that is desired then clients MUST use `<RESOURCE>base64` instead.
```

Author: did I stutter? :-) 

done
